hello welcome to the world two thousand
sex drinking competition where we'll be
seeing who can drink our potion the
fastest take it away Charlotte liquid
cooling rice vinegar at this route nice
vinegar stop malt vinegar paprika pepper
I'm gonna push to top it all off fly and
watch color video 9 Katherine are you
Mary yeah Vanessa are you ready not
really well you gotta be and Leslie's
pouring it right are you ready what it
already that's a good way to me okay so
all three two one let's drink this
horrible stuff better drink it away
aren't you find it disgusting yuck atop
this calf is this drinking
and obviously entertained manessa she's
hiding a business he ever let least
cover him look at the determination
happen just wants to stop and polka like
NASA justice muffin remember everybody
yes but I am wrong color in this
constant people it's the only way to
this is competition what's last June
rather well but she wants to come on
everybody to donate we need a concert in
my phone I'll be all right yeah sure I
tried some up before the show so come on
Constitution and he's gonna win I did
kappa not least you so keep going come
on keeping that in your life we're all
cuz chitin I accept Vanessa
and so it is spot on me I think Larry
Jennifer cheating look at all wrong
everybody's drunk learn of it NASA
Dublin